# QuoteDetailsResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QuoteName** | Pointer to **string** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**QuoteNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**QuoteGuid** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Revision** | Pointer to **string** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteDate** | Pointer to **string** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**LastModifiedDate** | Pointer to **string** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**IngramQuoteExpiryDate** | Pointer to **string** | Quote expiration date. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | Pointer to **string** | Three letter currency code. | [optional] 
**SpecialBidId** | Pointer to **string** | Price discount identifyer to specify  a pricing discount that has been applied to the quote. If present - the priceDeviationStartDate and priceDeviationExpiryDate must be presented. Cisco refers to this as a Dart | [optional] 
**SpecialBidEffectiveDate** | Pointer to **string** | If price discount has been applied to the quote - the starting date the discount begins. | [optional] 
**SpecialBidExpirationDate** | Pointer to **string** | If a price discount has been applied to the quote - The date the discount expires and will no longer be applicable. | [optional] 
**VendorQuoteNumber** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to **string** | This refers to the primary status of the quote.  API responses will return | [optional] 
**StatusReason** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ClosingReason** | Pointer to **string** | Closing Reason for quote. | [optional] 
**DateClosed** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**CustomerNeed** | Pointer to **string** | Details related to the customer&#39;s request for the quote entered by the sales representative or system generated. | [optional] 
**ProposedSolution** | Pointer to **string** | Ingram Micro proposed solution and summary of quote. | [optional] 
**IntroPreamble** | Pointer to **string** | Introductory paragraph included in each quote.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**PurchaseInstructions** | Pointer to **string** | Purchase instructions.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**LegalTerms** | Pointer to **string** | Legal terms -  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**QuoteType** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**LeaseInfo** | Pointer to **string** | Lease information. | [optional] 
**LeasingInstructions** | Pointer to **string** | Leasing information | [optional] 
**ImWarehouse** | Pointer to **string** | Warehouse name and Address | [optional] 
**ImWarehouseGstNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Warehouse GST Number | [optional] 
**PaymentTermsName** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**ResellerInfo** | Pointer to [**QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**EndUserInfo** | Pointer to [**QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**ShippingInfo** | Pointer to [**QuoteDetailsResponseShippingInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseShippingInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Products** | Pointer to [**[]QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner**](QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**ProductsCount** | Pointer to **int32** | Total number of products included in the quote | [optional] 
**ExtendedMsrpTotal** | Pointer to **float32** | Total extended MSRP for all products included in the quote | [optional] 
**QuantityTotal** | Pointer to **int32** | Total quantity of all items in the quote. | [optional] 
**ExtraFeesTotal** | Pointer to **float32** |  | [optional] 
**ExtraFeesTotalDetails** | Pointer to [**[]QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInnerPriceExtraFeesDetailsInner**](QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInnerPriceExtraFeesDetailsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**TaxTotal** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** |  | [optional] 
**ExtendedQuotePriceTotal** | Pointer to **float32** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote including both solution products and suggested products. | [optional] 
**FreightAmount** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** |  | [optional] 
**TotalQuoteAmount** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**AdditionalAttributes** | Pointer to [**[]QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner**](QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewQuoteDetailsResponse

`func NewQuoteDetailsResponse() *QuoteDetailsResponse`

NewQuoteDetailsResponse instantiates a new QuoteDetailsResponse object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewQuoteDetailsResponseWithDefaults

`func NewQuoteDetailsResponseWithDefaults() *QuoteDetailsResponse`

NewQuoteDetailsResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new QuoteDetailsResponse object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetQuoteName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteName() string`

GetQuoteName returns the QuoteName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteNameOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteNameOk returns a tuple with the QuoteName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetQuoteName(v string)`

SetQuoteName sets QuoteName field to given value.

### HasQuoteName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasQuoteName() bool`

HasQuoteName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteNumber() string`

GetQuoteNumber returns the QuoteNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteNumberOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteNumberOk returns a tuple with the QuoteNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetQuoteNumber(v string)`

SetQuoteNumber sets QuoteNumber field to given value.

### HasQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasQuoteNumber() bool`

HasQuoteNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuoteGuid

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteGuid() string`

GetQuoteGuid returns the QuoteGuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteGuidOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteGuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteGuidOk returns a tuple with the QuoteGuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteGuid

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetQuoteGuid(v string)`

SetQuoteGuid sets QuoteGuid field to given value.

### HasQuoteGuid

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasQuoteGuid() bool`

HasQuoteGuid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRevision

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetRevision() string`

GetRevision returns the Revision field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRevisionOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetRevisionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRevisionOk returns a tuple with the Revision field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRevision

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetRevision(v string)`

SetRevision sets Revision field to given value.

### HasRevision

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasRevision() bool`

HasRevision returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIngramQuoteDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIngramQuoteDate() string`

GetIngramQuoteDate returns the IngramQuoteDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIngramQuoteDateOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIngramQuoteDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIngramQuoteDateOk returns a tuple with the IngramQuoteDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIngramQuoteDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetIngramQuoteDate(v string)`

SetIngramQuoteDate sets IngramQuoteDate field to given value.

### HasIngramQuoteDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasIngramQuoteDate() bool`

HasIngramQuoteDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastModifiedDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLastModifiedDate() string`

GetLastModifiedDate returns the LastModifiedDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastModifiedDateOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLastModifiedDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLastModifiedDateOk returns a tuple with the LastModifiedDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastModifiedDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetLastModifiedDate(v string)`

SetLastModifiedDate sets LastModifiedDate field to given value.

### HasLastModifiedDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasLastModifiedDate() bool`

HasLastModifiedDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIngramQuoteExpiryDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIngramQuoteExpiryDate() string`

GetIngramQuoteExpiryDate returns the IngramQuoteExpiryDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIngramQuoteExpiryDateOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIngramQuoteExpiryDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIngramQuoteExpiryDateOk returns a tuple with the IngramQuoteExpiryDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIngramQuoteExpiryDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetIngramQuoteExpiryDate(v string)`

SetIngramQuoteExpiryDate sets IngramQuoteExpiryDate field to given value.

### HasIngramQuoteExpiryDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasIngramQuoteExpiryDate() bool`

HasIngramQuoteExpiryDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCurrencyCode

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetCurrencyCode() string`

GetCurrencyCode returns the CurrencyCode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyCodeOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetCurrencyCodeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyCodeOk returns a tuple with the CurrencyCode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrencyCode

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetCurrencyCode(v string)`

SetCurrencyCode sets CurrencyCode field to given value.

### HasCurrencyCode

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasCurrencyCode() bool`

HasCurrencyCode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSpecialBidId

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidId() string`

GetSpecialBidId returns the SpecialBidId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSpecialBidIdOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSpecialBidIdOk returns a tuple with the SpecialBidId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSpecialBidId

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetSpecialBidId(v string)`

SetSpecialBidId sets SpecialBidId field to given value.

### HasSpecialBidId

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasSpecialBidId() bool`

HasSpecialBidId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSpecialBidEffectiveDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidEffectiveDate() string`

GetSpecialBidEffectiveDate returns the SpecialBidEffectiveDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSpecialBidEffectiveDateOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidEffectiveDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSpecialBidEffectiveDateOk returns a tuple with the SpecialBidEffectiveDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSpecialBidEffectiveDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetSpecialBidEffectiveDate(v string)`

SetSpecialBidEffectiveDate sets SpecialBidEffectiveDate field to given value.

### HasSpecialBidEffectiveDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasSpecialBidEffectiveDate() bool`

HasSpecialBidEffectiveDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSpecialBidExpirationDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidExpirationDate() string`

GetSpecialBidExpirationDate returns the SpecialBidExpirationDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSpecialBidExpirationDateOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetSpecialBidExpirationDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSpecialBidExpirationDateOk returns a tuple with the SpecialBidExpirationDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSpecialBidExpirationDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetSpecialBidExpirationDate(v string)`

SetSpecialBidExpirationDate sets SpecialBidExpirationDate field to given value.

### HasSpecialBidExpirationDate

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasSpecialBidExpirationDate() bool`

HasSpecialBidExpirationDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVendorQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetVendorQuoteNumber() string`

GetVendorQuoteNumber returns the VendorQuoteNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVendorQuoteNumberOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetVendorQuoteNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVendorQuoteNumberOk returns a tuple with the VendorQuoteNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVendorQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetVendorQuoteNumber(v string)`

SetVendorQuoteNumber sets VendorQuoteNumber field to given value.

### HasVendorQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasVendorQuoteNumber() bool`

HasVendorQuoteNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetStatus() string`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetStatus(v string)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatusReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetStatusReason() string`

GetStatusReason returns the StatusReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusReasonOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetStatusReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatusReasonOk returns a tuple with the StatusReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatusReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetStatusReason(v string)`

SetStatusReason sets StatusReason field to given value.

### HasStatusReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasStatusReason() bool`

HasStatusReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetClosingReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetClosingReason() string`

GetClosingReason returns the ClosingReason field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClosingReasonOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetClosingReasonOk() (*string, bool)`

GetClosingReasonOk returns a tuple with the ClosingReason field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClosingReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetClosingReason(v string)`

SetClosingReason sets ClosingReason field to given value.

### HasClosingReason

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasClosingReason() bool`

HasClosingReason returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDateClosed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetDateClosed() string`

GetDateClosed returns the DateClosed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDateClosedOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetDateClosedOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDateClosedOk returns a tuple with the DateClosed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDateClosed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetDateClosed(v string)`

SetDateClosed sets DateClosed field to given value.

### HasDateClosed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasDateClosed() bool`

HasDateClosed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomerNeed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetCustomerNeed() string`

GetCustomerNeed returns the CustomerNeed field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerNeedOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetCustomerNeedOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomerNeedOk returns a tuple with the CustomerNeed field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerNeed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetCustomerNeed(v string)`

SetCustomerNeed sets CustomerNeed field to given value.

### HasCustomerNeed

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasCustomerNeed() bool`

HasCustomerNeed returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProposedSolution

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProposedSolution() string`

GetProposedSolution returns the ProposedSolution field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProposedSolutionOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProposedSolutionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProposedSolutionOk returns a tuple with the ProposedSolution field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProposedSolution

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetProposedSolution(v string)`

SetProposedSolution sets ProposedSolution field to given value.

### HasProposedSolution

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasProposedSolution() bool`

HasProposedSolution returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIntroPreamble

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIntroPreamble() string`

GetIntroPreamble returns the IntroPreamble field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIntroPreambleOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetIntroPreambleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIntroPreambleOk returns a tuple with the IntroPreamble field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIntroPreamble

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetIntroPreamble(v string)`

SetIntroPreamble sets IntroPreamble field to given value.

### HasIntroPreamble

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasIntroPreamble() bool`

HasIntroPreamble returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPurchaseInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetPurchaseInstructions() string`

GetPurchaseInstructions returns the PurchaseInstructions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPurchaseInstructionsOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetPurchaseInstructionsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPurchaseInstructionsOk returns a tuple with the PurchaseInstructions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPurchaseInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetPurchaseInstructions(v string)`

SetPurchaseInstructions sets PurchaseInstructions field to given value.

### HasPurchaseInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasPurchaseInstructions() bool`

HasPurchaseInstructions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLegalTerms

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLegalTerms() string`

GetLegalTerms returns the LegalTerms field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLegalTermsOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLegalTermsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLegalTermsOk returns a tuple with the LegalTerms field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLegalTerms

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetLegalTerms(v string)`

SetLegalTerms sets LegalTerms field to given value.

### HasLegalTerms

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasLegalTerms() bool`

HasLegalTerms returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuoteType

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteType() string`

GetQuoteType returns the QuoteType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteTypeOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuoteTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteTypeOk returns a tuple with the QuoteType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteType

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetQuoteType(v string)`

SetQuoteType sets QuoteType field to given value.

### HasQuoteType

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasQuoteType() bool`

HasQuoteType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLeaseInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLeaseInfo() string`

GetLeaseInfo returns the LeaseInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLeaseInfoOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLeaseInfoOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLeaseInfoOk returns a tuple with the LeaseInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLeaseInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetLeaseInfo(v string)`

SetLeaseInfo sets LeaseInfo field to given value.

### HasLeaseInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasLeaseInfo() bool`

HasLeaseInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLeasingInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLeasingInstructions() string`

GetLeasingInstructions returns the LeasingInstructions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLeasingInstructionsOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetLeasingInstructionsOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLeasingInstructionsOk returns a tuple with the LeasingInstructions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLeasingInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetLeasingInstructions(v string)`

SetLeasingInstructions sets LeasingInstructions field to given value.

### HasLeasingInstructions

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasLeasingInstructions() bool`

HasLeasingInstructions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImWarehouse

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetImWarehouse() string`

GetImWarehouse returns the ImWarehouse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImWarehouseOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetImWarehouseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetImWarehouseOk returns a tuple with the ImWarehouse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImWarehouse

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetImWarehouse(v string)`

SetImWarehouse sets ImWarehouse field to given value.

### HasImWarehouse

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasImWarehouse() bool`

HasImWarehouse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetImWarehouseGstNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetImWarehouseGstNumber() string`

GetImWarehouseGstNumber returns the ImWarehouseGstNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetImWarehouseGstNumberOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetImWarehouseGstNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetImWarehouseGstNumberOk returns a tuple with the ImWarehouseGstNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetImWarehouseGstNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetImWarehouseGstNumber(v string)`

SetImWarehouseGstNumber sets ImWarehouseGstNumber field to given value.

### HasImWarehouseGstNumber

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasImWarehouseGstNumber() bool`

HasImWarehouseGstNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentTermsName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetPaymentTermsName() string`

GetPaymentTermsName returns the PaymentTermsName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentTermsNameOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetPaymentTermsNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentTermsNameOk returns a tuple with the PaymentTermsName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentTermsName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetPaymentTermsName(v string)`

SetPaymentTermsName sets PaymentTermsName field to given value.

### HasPaymentTermsName

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasPaymentTermsName() bool`

HasPaymentTermsName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResellerInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetResellerInfo() QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo`

GetResellerInfo returns the ResellerInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResellerInfoOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetResellerInfoOk() (*QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo, bool)`

GetResellerInfoOk returns a tuple with the ResellerInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResellerInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetResellerInfo(v QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo)`

SetResellerInfo sets ResellerInfo field to given value.

### HasResellerInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasResellerInfo() bool`

HasResellerInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndUserInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetEndUserInfo() QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo`

GetEndUserInfo returns the EndUserInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndUserInfoOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetEndUserInfoOk() (*QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo, bool)`

GetEndUserInfoOk returns a tuple with the EndUserInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndUserInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetEndUserInfo(v QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo)`

SetEndUserInfo sets EndUserInfo field to given value.

### HasEndUserInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasEndUserInfo() bool`

HasEndUserInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetShippingInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetShippingInfo() QuoteDetailsResponseShippingInfo`

GetShippingInfo returns the ShippingInfo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetShippingInfoOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetShippingInfoOk() (*QuoteDetailsResponseShippingInfo, bool)`

GetShippingInfoOk returns a tuple with the ShippingInfo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetShippingInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetShippingInfo(v QuoteDetailsResponseShippingInfo)`

SetShippingInfo sets ShippingInfo field to given value.

### HasShippingInfo

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasShippingInfo() bool`

HasShippingInfo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProducts

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProducts() []QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner`

GetProducts returns the Products field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductsOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProductsOk() (*[]QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner, bool)`

GetProductsOk returns a tuple with the Products field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProducts

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetProducts(v []QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner)`

SetProducts sets Products field to given value.

### HasProducts

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasProducts() bool`

HasProducts returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProductsCount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProductsCount() int32`

GetProductsCount returns the ProductsCount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProductsCountOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetProductsCountOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetProductsCountOk returns a tuple with the ProductsCount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProductsCount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetProductsCount(v int32)`

SetProductsCount sets ProductsCount field to given value.

### HasProductsCount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasProductsCount() bool`

HasProductsCount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtendedMsrpTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtendedMsrpTotal() float32`

GetExtendedMsrpTotal returns the ExtendedMsrpTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtendedMsrpTotalOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtendedMsrpTotalOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetExtendedMsrpTotalOk returns a tuple with the ExtendedMsrpTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtendedMsrpTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetExtendedMsrpTotal(v float32)`

SetExtendedMsrpTotal sets ExtendedMsrpTotal field to given value.

### HasExtendedMsrpTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasExtendedMsrpTotal() bool`

HasExtendedMsrpTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetQuantityTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuantityTotal() int32`

GetQuantityTotal returns the QuantityTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuantityTotalOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetQuantityTotalOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetQuantityTotalOk returns a tuple with the QuantityTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuantityTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetQuantityTotal(v int32)`

SetQuantityTotal sets QuantityTotal field to given value.

### HasQuantityTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasQuantityTotal() bool`

HasQuantityTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtraFeesTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtraFeesTotal() float32`

GetExtraFeesTotal returns the ExtraFeesTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtraFeesTotalOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtraFeesTotalOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetExtraFeesTotalOk returns a tuple with the ExtraFeesTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtraFeesTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetExtraFeesTotal(v float32)`

SetExtraFeesTotal sets ExtraFeesTotal field to given value.

### HasExtraFeesTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasExtraFeesTotal() bool`

HasExtraFeesTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetExtraFeesTotalDetails

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtraFeesTotalDetails() []QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInnerPriceExtraFeesDetailsInner`

GetExtraFeesTotalDetails returns the ExtraFeesTotalDetails field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtraFeesTotalDetailsOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtraFeesTotalDetailsOk() (*[]QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInnerPriceExtraFeesDetailsInner, bool)`

GetExtraFeesTotalDetailsOk returns a tuple with the ExtraFeesTotalDetails field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtraFeesTotalDetails

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetExtraFeesTotalDetails(v []QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInnerPriceExtraFeesDetailsInner)`

SetExtraFeesTotalDetails sets ExtraFeesTotalDetails field to given value.

### HasExtraFeesTotalDetails

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasExtraFeesTotalDetails() bool`

HasExtraFeesTotalDetails returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaxTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetTaxTotal() float32`

GetTaxTotal returns the TaxTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaxTotalOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetTaxTotalOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTaxTotalOk returns a tuple with the TaxTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaxTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetTaxTotal(v float32)`

SetTaxTotal sets TaxTotal field to given value.

### HasTaxTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasTaxTotal() bool`

HasTaxTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTaxTotalNil

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetTaxTotalNil(b bool)`

 SetTaxTotalNil sets the value for TaxTotal to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTaxTotal
`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) UnsetTaxTotal()`

UnsetTaxTotal ensures that no value is present for TaxTotal, not even an explicit nil
### GetExtendedQuotePriceTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtendedQuotePriceTotal() float32`

GetExtendedQuotePriceTotal returns the ExtendedQuotePriceTotal field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExtendedQuotePriceTotalOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetExtendedQuotePriceTotalOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetExtendedQuotePriceTotalOk returns a tuple with the ExtendedQuotePriceTotal field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExtendedQuotePriceTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetExtendedQuotePriceTotal(v float32)`

SetExtendedQuotePriceTotal sets ExtendedQuotePriceTotal field to given value.

### HasExtendedQuotePriceTotal

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasExtendedQuotePriceTotal() bool`

HasExtendedQuotePriceTotal returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFreightAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetFreightAmount() float32`

GetFreightAmount returns the FreightAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFreightAmountOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetFreightAmountOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetFreightAmountOk returns a tuple with the FreightAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFreightAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetFreightAmount(v float32)`

SetFreightAmount sets FreightAmount field to given value.

### HasFreightAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasFreightAmount() bool`

HasFreightAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFreightAmountNil

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetFreightAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetFreightAmountNil sets the value for FreightAmount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFreightAmount
`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) UnsetFreightAmount()`

UnsetFreightAmount ensures that no value is present for FreightAmount, not even an explicit nil
### GetTotalQuoteAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetTotalQuoteAmount() string`

GetTotalQuoteAmount returns the TotalQuoteAmount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTotalQuoteAmountOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetTotalQuoteAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTotalQuoteAmountOk returns a tuple with the TotalQuoteAmount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTotalQuoteAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetTotalQuoteAmount(v string)`

SetTotalQuoteAmount sets TotalQuoteAmount field to given value.

### HasTotalQuoteAmount

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasTotalQuoteAmount() bool`

HasTotalQuoteAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAdditionalAttributes

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetAdditionalAttributes() []QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner`

GetAdditionalAttributes returns the AdditionalAttributes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAdditionalAttributesOk

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) GetAdditionalAttributesOk() (*[]QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner, bool)`

GetAdditionalAttributesOk returns a tuple with the AdditionalAttributes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAdditionalAttributes

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) SetAdditionalAttributes(v []QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner)`

SetAdditionalAttributes sets AdditionalAttributes field to given value.

### HasAdditionalAttributes

`func (o *QuoteDetailsResponse) HasAdditionalAttributes() bool`

HasAdditionalAttributes returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


