# QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**QuoteNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM specific to each quote. When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**BidNumber** | Pointer to **string** | Special Pricing Bid Number, also referred to as a Dart Number by some vendors, is a unique identifier associated with vendor specific products and discounts. | [optional] 
**EndUserName** | Pointer to **string** | End User Name is the end customer name that is associated with a quote in Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM | [optional] 
**FromDate** | Pointer to **string** | Filter to select the beginning date of a desired date range. The default filter is set to the date the user is logged-in to request quotes. Date format: YYYY-MM-DD - An incorrect date input will result in a message \&quot;Date must be entered as YYYY-MM-DD\&quot; | [optional] 
**ToDate** | Pointer to **string** | Filter to select the end date of a desired date range. The default number of days to request is the previous 30 days from the date user has logged in. Date format: YYYY-MM-DD - An incorrect date input will result in a message \&quot;Date must be entered as YYYY-MM-DD\&quot; | [optional] 
**PageIndex** | Pointer to **string** | Page index or page number for the list of quotes being returned. When less than 25 quotes are returned, the page number will be \&quot;1\&quot;. In cases where more than 25 quotes are returned, and the default quotes per page are 25 (see recordPerPage), then the list will continue on subsequent pages. | [optional] 
**RecordsPerPage** | Pointer to **string** | Number of records (quotes) to display per page in the quote list. The default is 25, but may be increased using the filter by up to 100 records per page. If more than 100 records are requested a message will be returned \&quot;The number of records requested exceeds the 100 record limit.\&quot;  | [optional] 
**Sorting** | Pointer to **string** | Sort applies to the selected column (sortingColumnName) and may be specified in Ascending (asc) or Descending (desc) order. The default sort is Descending (desc) - most recent first. | [optional] 
**SortingColumnName** | Pointer to **string** | Refers to the column selected to apply the sorting criteria. The default column is dateCreated and will sort by the most recently created quote first with the following in descending order. The default filter retrieves quotes created within the last 30 days. Filtering allows user to select a specific column to sort: quoteNumber, createdDate, lastModifiedDate, expiryDate, and endUserName. | [optional] 
**ThirdPartySource** | Pointer to **string** | Unique identifier used to identify the third party source accessing the services. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest

`func NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest() *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest`

NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest instantiates a new QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequestWithDefaults

`func NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequestWithDefaults() *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest`

NewQuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetQuoteNumber() string`

GetQuoteNumber returns the QuoteNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQuoteNumberOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetQuoteNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQuoteNumberOk returns a tuple with the QuoteNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetQuoteNumber(v string)`

SetQuoteNumber sets QuoteNumber field to given value.

### HasQuoteNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasQuoteNumber() bool`

HasQuoteNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetBidNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetBidNumber() string`

GetBidNumber returns the BidNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetBidNumberOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetBidNumberOk() (*string, bool)`

GetBidNumberOk returns a tuple with the BidNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetBidNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetBidNumber(v string)`

SetBidNumber sets BidNumber field to given value.

### HasBidNumber

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasBidNumber() bool`

HasBidNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEndUserName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetEndUserName() string`

GetEndUserName returns the EndUserName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndUserNameOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetEndUserNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEndUserNameOk returns a tuple with the EndUserName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndUserName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetEndUserName(v string)`

SetEndUserName sets EndUserName field to given value.

### HasEndUserName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasEndUserName() bool`

HasEndUserName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFromDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetFromDate() string`

GetFromDate returns the FromDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFromDateOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetFromDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFromDateOk returns a tuple with the FromDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFromDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetFromDate(v string)`

SetFromDate sets FromDate field to given value.

### HasFromDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasFromDate() bool`

HasFromDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetToDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetToDate() string`

GetToDate returns the ToDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetToDateOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetToDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetToDateOk returns a tuple with the ToDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetToDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetToDate(v string)`

SetToDate sets ToDate field to given value.

### HasToDate

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasToDate() bool`

HasToDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPageIndex

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetPageIndex() string`

GetPageIndex returns the PageIndex field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPageIndexOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetPageIndexOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPageIndexOk returns a tuple with the PageIndex field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPageIndex

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetPageIndex(v string)`

SetPageIndex sets PageIndex field to given value.

### HasPageIndex

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasPageIndex() bool`

HasPageIndex returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecordsPerPage

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetRecordsPerPage() string`

GetRecordsPerPage returns the RecordsPerPage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecordsPerPageOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetRecordsPerPageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecordsPerPageOk returns a tuple with the RecordsPerPage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecordsPerPage

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetRecordsPerPage(v string)`

SetRecordsPerPage sets RecordsPerPage field to given value.

### HasRecordsPerPage

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasRecordsPerPage() bool`

HasRecordsPerPage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSorting

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetSorting() string`

GetSorting returns the Sorting field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSortingOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetSortingOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSortingOk returns a tuple with the Sorting field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSorting

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetSorting(v string)`

SetSorting sets Sorting field to given value.

### HasSorting

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasSorting() bool`

HasSorting returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSortingColumnName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetSortingColumnName() string`

GetSortingColumnName returns the SortingColumnName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSortingColumnNameOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetSortingColumnNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSortingColumnNameOk returns a tuple with the SortingColumnName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSortingColumnName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetSortingColumnName(v string)`

SetSortingColumnName sets SortingColumnName field to given value.

### HasSortingColumnName

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasSortingColumnName() bool`

HasSortingColumnName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetThirdPartySource

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetThirdPartySource() string`

GetThirdPartySource returns the ThirdPartySource field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetThirdPartySourceOk

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) GetThirdPartySourceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetThirdPartySourceOk returns a tuple with the ThirdPartySource field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetThirdPartySource

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) SetThirdPartySource(v string)`

SetThirdPartySource sets ThirdPartySource field to given value.

### HasThirdPartySource

`func (o *QuoteListRequestQuoteSearchRequestRetrieveQuoteRequest) HasThirdPartySource() bool`

HasThirdPartySource returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


